---
toc: true
comments: true
layout: post
title: Problems Faced 1
description: Here are the main problems I faced this week
type: tangibles
courses: { compsci: {week: 1} }
---

<font size="+3">Problems I Faced</font>
<hr>
- At first, everything was going great and I had everything working. As I got deeper and deeper into the process of setting up my website, I began to face more and more problems. The first of my issues was running the command "make." I was unable to run this command and I redid every step leading up to this command in order to try to fix it. My last hope was to restart my computer, and that did it!
- Another probelem I faced was not being able to commit and push my changes. I needed this in order to push the commits to my github page to show that I had made changes to my website and send it to github. Files of my changes would be sent to my github server. I asked around and no one had a solution to my probelem. In order to continue developing my website, I needed to commit my changes. This being said, I went to Mr. Mortensen and he quickly solved my problem by simply downloading some extensions that solved my problem.
- The most recent issue I had was trying to change by background. This was confusing as I did everything that my peers told me to do. I uncommented the theme I wanted, I commented my old theme, I ran the command make clean and then make, and still nothing worked. I eventually figured out that for some weird reason, my code needed to have the original theme uncommented as well as the theme I wanted to use. This, for some reason, solved this problem and now I love how my website loooks. 


